language:
thar: god
ne: no
nash: flesh
mak: nature
sav: storm
rath: fire
eke: land
ato: sky
make: life
ezo: power
tal: sigil / simbol of possesion / simbol
thar'eke: name of the world
rathav'eke: name of afterlife
osath'eke: name of the depths
makeke: plants
make'nash: human
make'thar: vessel of the gods
thar'ezo: power of the gods / magic
ezo'nash: clan head / person in position of power
rena: city / keep / zone
thar'rena: temple
sav'ato: clouds
nenash: no meat / starving




pantheon:
flesh god: nash'thar
nature god: mak'thar
storm god: sav'thar
flame god: rath'thar
depths "god": osath'nethar

lore:
in the begining, there only existed the thars, the gods who created everything. nash'thar made creatures out of itself, taking pieces of itself and molding living beings out of it. mak'thar breathed life onto them. rath'thar, along with sav'thar, made death to bring meaning to the creatures.
the creatures made by the thars where sent to thar'eke to fufil a life and bring entretainment and boons to the thars. thareke is a barren land, things from earth such as grass and other such forms of nature are called makeke, and are extremely scarce. the lands are mostly covered in raw soil and the skies, called ato, are black like tar, with light comming from mostly fires made by humans, called make'nash.
at the begning, the makenash lived in small clans, fully tribal all looking for the thars aproval. notable from this era was Rath'Thie, a make'nash who was most famous for being a the first make'thar, a vessel of rath'thar, the first make'nash to use thar'ezo.
Rath'Thiel was born in a small clan who worshiped rath'thar. he was first born to the clan's ezo'nash and was to be sacrifieced at birth, but, as he was laid as a baby to be sacrificed, rath'thar took a form of pitty in Rath'Thiel, as he was set on fire, Rath'Thiel started to burn, but, he wouldn't perish. when the fire stoped, Rath'thie was covered in burns in all but the left side of his face, where there was instead a sigil of rath'thar, a tal'rath, indicating that Rath'Thiel was now rath'thar's.
Rath'Thiel, went on travels orderd by rath'thar with the goals of both spreading rath'thar's influence and rath'ezo, the first kind of ezo to be spread across thar'eke.
The spread of rath'ezo across thar'eke lead to the teaching of more ezos by the thars and the birth of more make'thars, notables being: Nash'Thiel, son of Rath'Thiel and make'thar of nash'thar. Mak'Aste, the second ever make'nash, of the thar mak'thar. And last but not least, Sav'Mika, the first make'thar of sav'thar

Rath'Thiel:
Rath'Thiel was the first ever make'thar, he created the first ever large city, rash'rena. created in the name of rath'thar. the city was quite rudamentary, divided in three sections: the underhalls, where most of the population lived, a underground set of hallways with rooms on each side of each of the corridors, those rooms were where each family lived. The barracs, where most of the gaurds lived. it was a large circular room with a large bonfire to light it self, outside of each window (that were spaced about 15cm from each other, ) hung ropes, from the top of the barracs at the end of each one were torches to give the gaurds visibility of the outside. And at last was the thar'rena, a large tower that went beyond the sav'ato, where there was a single open room with a stone plaque on the floor where above it hung a small dagger on a rope. there, the schoolars got together to learn rath'ezo taught by Rath'Thiel himself, in these classes, any student who failed or was deemed unworthy of rath'ezo had their hands and feet nailed to the stone, where they would be vivicected in front of all other students so they would learn more about the human body. after that was done, the body was eiter thrown onto the barrac's bonfire or fed back to the population, along with other animals flesh and make'nash corpses.
towards the midle of his life, Rath'Thiel had a son, one of many all to diferent mothers. but this child was notable as, Rath'Thiel stayed for his birth, one the child was born, he picked it up from it's dead mother and claimed: "you shall enherit the powers of rash'rena. for you are the last born of Rath'Thiel." after that, he carved his tal onto the childs back, placed his child onto the gates of rash'rena and left the city. never coming back to the city.
after some travels, he eventually met rath'thar itself, in the form of a dried head covered in ashes which then burst into flames.
Rath'Thiel was eventually killed by Nash'Thiel, his son who was in search of revenge for his abandonement as a child.

Nash'Thiel:
Nash'Thiel was born outside the walls of rash'rena, his mother died during childbirth and his father, Rath'Thiel, after carving his tal onto Nash'Thiel's back, he was brougth to rash'rena and abandoned inside by his father. he grew up raised by city gaurds and scholars.
since childhood he knew he was the next ruler of rash'rena due to the tal carved onto his back. Once he turned 15, he took power of rash'rena and became known as Nenash'Thiel, or Thiel the starving. That nickname came from the era he inherited the city: due to a fast growing population, food became ever more scarce leading him to be forced to find other ways to provide food for the population, the one that most worked was taking any criminal or under performer and slagthering them so he could feed them to the populous. This decision brought the attention of nash'thar, who was in a way pleased with the use of it's own flesh such that none is wasted, leading Nenash'Thiel to be renamed "Nash'Thiel" and become the first make'thar of nash'thar.
After the colapse of rash'rena due to the nethar, Nash'Thiel found himself wandering thar'eke in search for his father.
His travels lead to him finding a frozen pearl of blood, and taking it to a river where he tried to wash it, causing the river to turn blood red, he then bathed in said river in honor of nash'thar. His travels also took him to a tribe who lived in makeke'rena, a place know for being one of the places with the highest concentration of makeke in thar'eke. There he met Mak'Aste, another make'thar, one of mak'thar. Mak'Aste was known as one of the best users of thar'ezo ever, he taugth Nash'Thiel the true principles of thar'ezo. after Nash'Thiel learned the true extent of thar'ezo, he, and all of the Thiel lineage, was banished from makeke'rena for impregnating Mak'Aste's daugther, Ato'Aste.
After years of travel, Nash'Thiel eventually found his father, old and decrepit. Apon seeing his father, Nash'Thiel was overcome with a sence of hatred for the man, leaving him to figth for himself. Nash'Thiel came to Rath'Thiel, overcome with hatred for the pathetic old man.
At first it was a single punch.
At the end, there no longer was anything that resembled Rath'Thiel. Only a mangled carcase of skinless flesh, bleeding on the ground, somehow breathing still. it didn't breath for long.
























